hi there, a couple plump and indulge
debauchery everyone so now quickly
mobile news and then walk
company 2k games marked the release
the first part of the bioshock action on
ios platform
game events take place in the underwater
city rap what
where by accident after a plane crash
hits the main character turns into
In general, the whole city is teeming with mutants
who don't mind and smudge it by
the wall which of course is sad for him
believe the passage of the blood becomes
more powerful superpowers with
they can be set on fire by enemies and
freeze but true when porting to
ios developers had to cut back
graphics but overall it's still the same
favorite bioshock game can already be downloaded
in the appstore and it costs only 479 rubles
horror appeared in google play five
nights at freddy's from scott studios games
so the main character got a job
Freddie Fazber's security guard
because and seemingly a good post
but it's not that easy cute robots
who entertain children by day by night
after closing
turn into oh my god of bloodthirsty
monsters and go on the hunt to look for
guard during the game is necessary
hide in the office follow the movement
through cameras and survive at any cost
most actions depend on
electricity after a certain time
it ends editions by some
time plunges into darkness precisely in this
the moment the hero is most vulnerable is shorter
such a nervous environment you need
live five nights after which the guard
get paid
motivation in general fend off
bloodthirsty robots have but honestly
saying i would knock off such work on
Hanks glad life outside
the game can also be downloaded google play and
it costs there only 109 rubles studio
Matt Fellows announced the game sine wave
This is an action game with elements of a musical game.
you have to fly through the tunnels
dodge walls shoot by flying
drone and open doors with shots
moreover, the rhythm of the game varies depending
from the melody that plays during
passing through the game music can
change and mix
in different compositions about the timing of release
it is not reported that only known first
She will come out on the PC and then later on
the company’s mobile platforms are better
introduced the smart watch
elji ji watch our first chip
developers are proud of the round screen
display diameter 1 and 3 inch resolution
320 by 320 pixels and on-board processor
qualcomm snapdragon
400 with a clock frequency of 1 2 gigahertz
there is still 512 megabytes of RAM
and 4 gigabytes built-in OSes
google android wear it is known that the clock
will be fully compatible with
google-based smartphones android 4 3
jellybin and above elji ji watch our
go on sale until the end of 2014
the price of the device is not reported well and
finally, again on the apple theme
Apple has started the newsletter
invitations to the conference
press representatives
as expected the event will take place 9
September only this time act
will take place not in san francisco but in
cupertino well or cupertino for reference
this is a small town in santa clara
the state of California is in it itself
apple headquarters is located
nothing about the event itself
specific not known so what are we waiting for
X hours and there we will look like
I certainly will not go on as usual to me
I will collect information on the internet
I'll tell you, but on this, I sort of
that everything and everyone for everything